BHARAT BORANA                                                                                      WZ-433, Shiv nagar,
Senior Software Engineer,                                                                Tihar Jail Road, Delhi, 110058
Appster LLP, Gurugram, Haryana                                                               boranab@rediffmail.com
                                                                                                    (+91) 900-120-2858

➢   Experienced full stack developer with various web development framework expertise.
➢   Over five years of commercial web and restful application development experience.
➢   Experience working in Agile Scrum environment and project management.
➢   Web Development Frameworks: Laravel, CakePHP, NodeJs With Express.
➢   UI Frameworks/Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Angular JS.
➢   Databases: MySQL and MongoDB
➢   Other tools: Bitbucket for version control, JIRA, ZOHO, ASANA for task management, AWS EC2 for hosting
    services, AWS S3 for image hosting


Education:
●   Rajasthan Technical University,Kota, Rajasthan                                                 2009/08 - 2012/07
    Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science and Technology (Agg. 70.3)
●   Government Polytechnic College, Jodhpur, Rajasthan                                            2006/06 – 2009/07
    3 years Diploma in Computer Science (Agg. 70.8)

Work Experience:
 1. Senior Software Engineer                                                                  2016/12 - Present
    ➢ Appster LLC, Gurugram
    ➢ Developing restful apis using Laravel framework for mobile team. Live chat implementation using NodeJs
       socket and Express.
    ➢ Database design process in sprint-0, Code review process for assigned projects
    ➢ Design and develop template admin panel CMS using AngularJs 2 which is later on reused in other projects.
    ➢ Worked for one of the enterprise client Pelican Auto Finance. We have developed Payment gateway with PCI
        2 certification.
 2. Senior Software Engineer                                                                   2014/12 - 2016/11
    ➢ Xicom Technologies, New Delhi
    ➢ Lead a team of two junior developers where my roles are to check if proper coding standard is followed.
    ➢ My roles are developing restful apis, developing web applications with high scalability.
 3. Software Engineer - Level I                                                                2012/10 - 2014/11
    ➢ C.G.Technosoft, Jodhpur
    ➢ Started my career as trainee at this organization. My roles is to understand web application development
      using Cakephp 2.0 framework.
Key Projects:
 1. Pelican Auto Finance Powered by Payix
   ➢ Payix provides state-of-the-art collections tools, payment processing resources and business intelligence
      solutions to U.S. lenders and auto dealers. Offering real-time loan management system (LMS) integration.
    ➢ Pelican Auto Finance, LLC’s senior management team has over 100 years of experience collectively in
      automotive and consumer lending.
    ➢ Technology stack: Laravel 5 framework

 2. BlockPartee
    ➢ Blockpartee is an app that allows you to host a virtual party following your favourite sports teams, centered
      around the squares/blocks game played by thousands of fans for years during the Super Bowl. This app makes
      it easier to set-up and play the game, invite friends and fans, and has added features like live chat.
    ➢ Technology stack: Laravel 5 framework for API development and NodeJs for Chat Server

 3. Fitfix.co.uk
   ➢ Fitfix is a revolutionary platform for Personal Trainers to help them manage, train and increase their clients. It
       provides comprehensive cloud based business management, physical training and nutrition tools in a very
       friendly way.
   ➢ Technology stack: Cakephp 3.0 framework
