Avik Hazra

Software Developer, Tracxn Technologies Pvt Ltd
avikhazra93@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/avikhazra93
Phone: +91 9874161982



Personal Summary:

Has experience of full stack software development in React JS (Front End) and Spring Boot using JAVA
(Backend) and Shell Scripting on automation of several procedures in SAP HANA and Sybase database
environment.


Skills:

Algorithms, Data structure, Python, Java, C, Bash, SQL, Java Script.
Interested in Programming and worked in Linux environment.
Well versed and fluent in English, Bengali and Hindi.
Strong verbal and communication skill.


Academics:

B.Tech,CSE,8.27 CGPA, Kalyani Govt Engineering College (2011 - 2015)
Scored 87.2% in 12th (WBCHSE 2011)
Scored 80.7% in 10th (WBBSE 2009)

Professional Experience:

Tracxn Technologies Pvt Ltd, Bangalore:
(May, 2017 – Dec, 2017)
(Software Engineer)

End to end design and development of a web application to create and configure the conumergroups which
reduces the manual efforts and risks of entering the configuration information to database. This application
is also used as a devops monitoring tool to monitor the consumer groups based on active, inactive and
search functionalities.

End to end design and development of a web application to create and configure Kafka topics which
reduces the manual efforts and risks of entering the configuration information to the database. This
application is also used as a devops monitoring tool to monitor the Kafka topics based on active, inactive
and search functionalities.

End to end design and development of a web application to create and configure cron jobs. This application
is also used as a devops monitoring tool to monitor the cron jobs based on active, inactive and search
functionalities.

Investor list showcase on login/Signup page based on a checklist CRUD.




          Page 1 of 3
End to end development of a web application to monitor all the socket connections which helps to monitor
the website traffic.

Database migration scripts in python.

Worked on user authentication system.

Technology Used : React Js, Spring-boot, Java, Mongo DB, MySql.


TCS :
(August, 2015 – April 2017)
(Assistant System Engineer)

SAP HANA and Sybase database administration.

Automated problem resolutions and developed monitoring scripts for the database using BASH scripting
and SQL.

Script to Detect and Monitor Long Running Transactions In Sybase database which shows the transaction
details and log space information. In Sybase database processes which are in hung state hold the log as well
as block other processes and sometimes create deadlocks. That situation leads to a log full situation which
can lead to database down.

A monitoring script to check whether all keys are able to connect to the database (HANA) or not. If all the
keys are not working, that means there are some network connectivity issue or database hung situation or
memory issues or locked condition due to incorrect login attempts. All those incidents can lead to database
down situation.

A script to set any key in HANA database. It first set the user on which key is set by one predefined
password. Then it will set the key by same password. After that the key will be able to connect to the
database.

Script to resolve Security compliances in HANA Database.

Technology used: HANA and Sybase database, Bash, SQL.

Projects:

Summer Training (2013 June-July):

(Ardent Computech Pvt Ltd)

Online Product Store (eCommerce Application)
Developed an online product store having the following functionalities:
Filtering functionality using which all the products can be filtered on the basis of category, price and
popularity. Sorted view of products based on the price and the user ratings. Product availability check.
Adding to cart and wishlisting.

Technologies used: J2EE(following MVC structure), Oracle 10g Database , Tomcat 7.


Online Music Repository System(using Django framework):
(2014 June -July)

Developed a web based app that lets users to upload and store their favorite songs.
It also facilitates the users to download self-uploaded and other songs uploaded by different users depending on
their permission setting.



        Page 2 of 3
Implemented a feature where songs can be stored in the server directly from the third party websites by providing
the downloadable links.
Implemented a rigorous search functionality that finds out all the relevant albums and songs in response to user
queries.

Technologies used : Django framework, Python.


Final Year Project (2014-2015):

Online Logical Error detector(A Human Computer Interaction Application) :

Developed an online coding platform for the naive programmers to check out for logical errors in a C
program.
it has a predefined set of programs and their implementation logics stored in the database in terms of an
intermediate string with special syntax. It extracts the logic out of the code submitted by the user and
compares with the logic stored in the database. If the special searching mechanism of the matching
algorithm detects a mismatch, it tracks down the erroneous statement in the program and displays it in
a user friendly way. It only accepts compiled (syntactically correct) programs as input because the
concept of logical error applies only when the program executes successfully.

Tools and Technology: J2EE(maintaining MVC structure),Oracle 10g,Tomcat7,Eclipse(Indigo)




        Page 3 of 3
